[DDoS Protection] Missing fields + additional caveats (#22076)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ddos-protection/managed-rulesets/http/override-expressions.mdx

You can use the following fields in override expressions:

- `cf.bot_management.ja3_hash`
- `cf.bot_management.ja4`
- `cf.client.bot`
- `cf.threat_score`
- `cf.tls_cipher`
- `cf.tls_client_auth.cert_verified`
- `cf.tls_version`
- `cf.verified_bot_category`
- `http.cookie`
- `http.host`
- `http.referer`
- `http.request.headers`
- `http.request.headers.names`
- `http.request.headers.truncated`
- `http.request.headers.values`
- `http.request.uri`
- `http.request.uri.path`
- `http.request.uri.path.extension`
- `http.request.uri.query`
- `http.request.full_uri`
- `http.request.method`
- `http.request.version`
- `http.request.cookies`
- `http.user_agent`
- `http.x_forwarded_for`

> - `ip.geoip.asnum`

Reviewer: Small nit @patriciasantaana :
Even though `ip.geoip.*` fields are still supported, we're recommending `ip.src.*` fields instead, so I think we could omit the first ones from this list. I've removed `ip.geoip.*` fields from all (most?) of our example expressions.

- `ip.geoip.continent`
- `ip.geoip.country`
- `ip.geoip.is_in_european_union`
- `ip.src`
- `ip.src.asnum`
- `ip.src.continent`
- `ip.src.country`
- `ip.src.is_in_european_union`
- `ssl`

Refer to the [Fields reference](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/fields/reference/) in the Rules language documentation for more information.

## Important remarks

> - An expression is not an <GlossaryTooltip term="allowlist">allowlist</GlossaryTooltip> and does not become part of the attack fingerprint. The expression applies to the scope of the override and is used right before applying a mitigation action, to determine if the sensitivity level and action need to be adjusted.<br/>

Reviewer 2: It looks like a bullet point accidentally got in here.

Author: Oops! It totally did. Thanks for the catch!

> - An expression is not an <GlossaryTooltip term="allowlist">allowlist</GlossaryTooltip> and does not become part of the attack fingerprint. The expression applies to the scope of the override and is used right before applying a mitigation action, to determine if the sensitivity level and action need to be adjusted.<br/>

Reviewer 2: In the second sentence, I'd remove the comma or replace "to determine" with "which determines." Up to you!

> - An expression is not an <GlossaryTooltip term="allowlist">allowlist</GlossaryTooltip> and does not become part of the attack fingerprint. The expression applies to the scope of the override and is used right before applying a mitigation action, to determine if the sensitivity level and action need to be adjusted.<br/>

Author: ```suggestion
An expression is not an <GlossaryTooltip term="allowlist">allowlist</GlossaryTooltip> and does not become part of the attack fingerprint. The expression applies to the scope of the override and is used right before applying a mitigation action which determines if the sensitivity level and action need to be adjusted.<br/>
```
